# Flash-ADC
A flash ADC is the Analog to Digital Converter and it is also known as the fastest of all types of ADC. As we all know that as day by day the use of technology is increasing in our daily life and at the same time the modern communication increases. So, as in real life, we are dealing with the analog signals but actually, when we are going to talk about machines it can be of any type which we are using in our daily life for example laptops, computers and mobile phone is also a type of machine, etc. then we come to know about that machine used digital signals and most of the machines used nowadays are working on the digital signals. So, to convert the real-world analog signal data into digital signal data we use Analog to Digital Converter. So, this becomes a part of our life that wherever analog signal is converting into digital signal their Analog to digital converter block is used. So, it is a type of mixed integrated signal in which the data from analog signal is converted into the digital signal. 
A flash ADC is the Analog to Digital Converter and it is also known as the fastest of all types of ADC but at the same time, it also requires complex circuitry. It is thus often used for high-speed applications and it is also known as Parallel comparator type ADC. It consists of Comparators, the ladder of a resistor network and the priority encoder. A general Flash ADC needs 2^N-1 Comparators for “N” no. of bits in which there are 2^N resistors are required and (2^N xN) Priority Encoder are required which increases its power consumption as no. of bits are increasing respectively. Each comparator comprises a reference voltage that is 1 LSB higher than that of the one given below it in the chain. The comparator is sometimes called a thermometer code because for a given input, all the comparators below a particular point will have their input voltage higher than their reference voltage and hence there, is “1” Logic output comes and vice-versa. Therefore, it behaves as analogous to mercury thermometer. It is used in satellite communication, radar processing, etc. 
